Support create resources (workloads/traits)  in different namespace with application (#1197)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/cue/cross-namespace-resource.md

# Define resources located in defferent namespace with application

In this section, we will introduce how to use cue template create resources 

## Usage

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2

> kind: WorkloadDefinition

Reviewer: let's use componentdefinition as example

Author: Got it, will update docs before finish this pr

# Define resources located in defferent namespace with application

In this section, we will introduce how to use cue template create resources 

## Usage

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: WorkloadDefinition
metadata:
  name: worker
spec:
  definitionRef:
    name: deployments.apps
  schematic:
    cue:
      template: |
        parameter: {
        	name:  string

>         	image: string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        	image: string
        	namespace: string  # make this parameter `namespace` as keyword which represents the resource maybe located in defferent namespace with application
```

        }
        output: {
        	apiVersion: "apps/v1"
        	kind:       "Deployment"
                metadata: {
                   namespace: my-test-ns ###define namespace what you want
                }
        	spec: {
        		selector: matchLabels: {
        			"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
        		}
        		template: {
        			metadata: labels: {
        				"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
        			}
        			spec: {
        				containers: [{
        					name:  parameter.name
        					image: parameter.image
        				}]
        			}}}
        }
        ### tell controller the resource maybe located in defferent namespace with application,
        ### let controller create a ResourceTracker for workload to finalize the resource auomaticly
        ### when application not exist

>         different-namespace: true

Reviewer: don't need to add this ,only keyword `namespace` is OK

# Define resources located in defferent namespace with application

> In this section, we will introduce how to use cue template create cross namespace resources (workload/trait)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we will introduce how to use cue template create resources (workload/trait) in different namespace with the application.
```

> Generally you don't need to set metadata.namespace field in cue template. vela will create them in the same namespace with applicaiton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `metadata.namespace` of K8s resource in CuE template is automatically filled with the same namespace of the applicaiton.
```

> But in some cases maybe you want resources running in a specific namespace witch is different with application, you can set the metadata.namespace field.
> And vela will create the resources in the specified namespace, and create a resourceTracker object as owener of those resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create K8s resources running in a specific namespace witch is different with the application, you can set the `metadata.namespace` field.

KubeVela will create the resources in the specified namespace, and create a resourceTracker object as owener of those resources.
```

## Usage

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1beta1
kind: ComponentDefinition
metadata:
  name: worker
spec:
  definitionRef:
    name: deployments.apps
  schematic:
    cue:
      template: |
        parameter: {
        	name:  string
        	image: string
        	namespace: string  # make this parameter `namespace` as keyword which represents the resource maybe located in defferent namespace with application
        }
        output: {
        	apiVersion: "apps/v1"
        	kind:       "Deployment"
                metadata: {
                   namespace: my-namespace
                }
        	spec: {
        		selector: matchLabels: {
        			"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
        		}
        		template: {
        			metadata: labels: {
        				"app.oam.dev/component": parameter.name
        			}
        			spec: {
        				containers: [{
        					name:  parameter.name
        					image: parameter.image
        				}]
        			}}}
        }
```
## Limitations

> If you update definition by changing the metadata.namespace field. vela will create new resources in the new namespace but not delete old resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you update definition by changing the `metadata.namespace` field. KubeVela will create new resources in the new namespace but not delete old resources.
```

> You need delete the application and recreate it to make the status of resource right

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wil fix the limitation in the near future.
```

Reviewer: We should never recommend our users do any un-reasoning things. And we have discussed that we should fix it ASAP.

Author: Got it
